[Music]
the new HD 220 might be the entry point
to the HD series but Four Winds
describes it as a top-of-the-line Dec
boat and when you step on board there's
plenty to back that up on a deck boat
the bow has to excel in on this one it
really does there's plenty of beam for
lots of natural space we've got a ladder
we've got space for a cool box under the
seat
we got lids that lift without having to
remove the cushions we've got a table
fitting and we've also got a complete
infill so that you can turn it into an
entire safe padded area for your kids
the stern is equally enjoyable on the
back side of the cockpit bench you get
an aft facing three-man bench with
armrests and cupholders a neat little
slot in table and great access to the
water and of course if you specify
outboard propulsion rather than stern
Drive you also get enormous volume of
storage inside this bench now this boat
could be Specht with an output of up to
250 horsepower or a stern Drive of up to
350 horsepower but with the 200
horsepower outboard it comes in at an
all in package price of about 84,000
euros they're given the versatility of
this boat not to mention the price of
some of the competition that's actually
much better value than it might seem
[Music]